another killer planes video
you match your plane a lot of prop a lot
of wing props out of wing so this is my
maiden flight of this plane
I have not flown it before we made this
on purpose
way over weight it's about 30% heavier
than it's supposed to be I forget the
actual numbers now I'll be able to see
them on the bottom of screen there so
this is in response to all those people
that say that planes with crash proofing
are too heavy to fly nice will show you
I haven't even flown this plane but I
have full confidence that it's gonna fly
like the rest of these planes do with
crash boo phantom so this one has max
crash proofing which means tons of rods
making the plane aerobatic ly muscular
maybe this stuff is all extremely stiff
I mean can you do this with one of your
plane's open you know what I mean the
answer is probably no but um that's what
these are with crash true phantoms
I'm gonna show you how it flies here we
go maiden flight dynamics txon
Oh
I think we did not the prop out of
balance or diving into the ground like
that
oh wow just made it now that would do it
yep so anyways this is the max crash
proofing kit which added some tons of
weight onto this along with a roll of
pennies that added another ton of weight
onto it and a four thousand two lamp
hour battery so we just jacked the
weight up on this like crazy and and
this is this is how it flies
if the props a little doubt about that
you can tell from the way that it flies
at least I can tell that it does have
more weight that it's not just a little
light claim and it handles differently
and I happen to like claims like that
lies like a beef alright so and responds
to you're too heavy to fly this video is
an aerobatic thumbing of the nose
because I definitely have to take out
some of the nose weight that I put in
here it just wants to die hmm
I put in 3/4 of a roll of pennies on the
fire wall
well it would be a fire wall of a little
gas motor so I think I want to take off
a bunch of them I trimmed it to where it
says to trim it to the center of gravity
and I think they have it off as most
plane manufacturers somehow seem to do
but I actually now this is a free cell
battery once again by the way so this
plane performs very nicely on a free
cell and it's very crisp handling so you
know when I move my wings like that well
just doesn't have a little bounce to it
actually it goes back and forth on one
little see if when I it although it's
crisp it bounces when it gets there but
isn't it a little breezy right now - no
I think that's just the plane doing it
see that see the way it bounces this is
half half bottle fly that on full
throttle flip it and dive
lies rather nicely for my taste
all right
I'm over the runway Steve would be a
good idea
hmm
you